the streets of hunas in central Gaza are
flooded with untreated Wastewater and
piles of rotting
grish months of Israeli bombardment have
caused extensive damage to Serious
systems desalination plants and water
supply
networks Municipal Services ground to
halt in the early days of the war in the
heat of Summer the stenes
overpowering when the Israeli Army
entered yunas they caused a lot of
damage and the sewage entered homes what
you see here is nothing the greatest
suffering is what our children endure at
home and the stink of the
sewage even before October the 7th
Palestinians in Gaza faced shortage of a
clean drinking water relying on various
Aid agencies and the UN for daily
deliveries but Israel's war has
intensified the long running
[Music]
crisis the smell has caused many
diseases for our children and little
ones we cough we suffer from the bad
smell everything our children complain
of itching from bed bugs and other
strange things we can't sleep at night
because of the mosquitoes as you can see
we lit a fire here it's dangerous but
it's the only way to keep the mosquitoes
away without clean water every aspect of
life is at risk the lack of water and
sanitation is worsened by overcrowding
in temporary shelters and tent camps the
World Health Organization has documented
hundreds of thousands of cases of
respiratory illnesses skin infections
and
diarrhea hepatitis is spreading among
children as well as adults this is the
result of malnutrition and the lack of
proper healthy food in addition skin
diseases such as chickenpox and scabies
are spreading all of this can be
attributed to a lack of Clean Water a
lack of drinking water all the causes of
these diseases and epidemics that are
spreading in the Gaza Strip are result
of the Israeli Army's destruction of
infrastructure spread of infectuous
diseases is increasing the pressure on
overwhelmed and underresourced healthc
Care Facilities the UN has wormed a
further deteriorating and inhuman living
condition it says that even if an
immediate ceasefire is implemented it
will take ke to repair the damage CA to
the desalination of PL SE systems and
networks of Water Supplies T Al gazer
Dar balah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer